c:\users\nd.com\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Database Crud\Database Crud\bin\Debug\Database Crud.exe.config
c:\users\nd.com\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Database Crud\Database Crud\bin\Debug\Database Crud.exe
c:\users\nd.com\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Database Crud\Database Crud\bin\Debug\Database Crud.pdb
c:\users\nd.com\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Database Crud\Database Crud\obj\Debug\Database Crud.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\nd.com\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Database Crud\Database Crud\obj\Debug\Database_Crud.Form1.resources
c:\users\nd.com\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Database Crud\Database Crud\obj\Debug\Database_Crud.Form2.resources
c:\users\nd.com\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Database Crud\Database Crud\obj\Debug\Database_Crud.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\nd.com\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Database Crud\Database Crud\obj\Debug\Database Crud.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\nd.com\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Database Crud\Database Crud\obj\Debug\Database Crud.exe
c:\users\nd.com\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Database Crud\Database Crud\obj\Debug\Database Crud.pdb
C:\Users\ND.COM\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Database Crud\Database Crud\bin\Debug\MySql.Data.dll
C:\Users\ND.COM\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Database Crud\Database Crud\bin\Debug\Google.Protobuf.dll
C:\Users\ND.COM\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Database Crud\Database Crud\bin\Debug\Zstandard.Net.dll
C:\Users\ND.COM\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Database Crud\Database Crud\bin\Debug\K4os.Compression.LZ4.Streams.dll
C:\Users\ND.COM\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Database Crud\Database Crud\bin\Debug\BouncyCastle.Crypto.dll
C:\Users\ND.COM\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Database Crud\Database Crud\bin\Debug\Ubiety.Dns.Core.dll
C:\Users\ND.COM\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Database Crud\Database Crud\bin\Debug\Renci.SshNet.dll
C:\Users\ND.COM\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Database Crud\Database Crud\bin\Debug\System.Buffers.dll
C:\Users\ND.COM\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Database Crud\Database Crud\bin\Debug\K4os.Compression.LZ4.dll
C:\Users\ND.COM\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Database Crud\Database Crud\bin\Debug\K4os.Hash.xxHash.dll
C:\Users\ND.COM\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Database Crud\Database Crud\bin\Debug\System.Runtime.CompilerServices.Unsafe.dll
C:\Users\ND.COM\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Database Crud\Database Crud\bin\Debug\MySql.Data.xml
